The Sails Flagship / Enterprise Edition (EE) license (the "Flagship license")

Copyright (c) 2017 The Sails Company ("Sails")

This software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may only be
used if you (and any entity that you represent) have agreed to, and are in
compliance with, the Sails Flagship Agreement, available at
https://sailsjs.com/terms/flagship (the “Flagship Terms” or "Sails Flagship
Subscription Terms of Service" or "Flagship Terms of Service"), and otherwise
have a valid Sails Flagship subscription for the correct number of
user seats. Subject to the foregoing sentence, you are free to modify this
Software and publish patches to the Software. You agree that Sails and/or its
licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all
Software incorporated in such modifications and/or patches, and all such
Software may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or
otherwise exploited with a valid Sails Flagship subscription for the
correct number of user seats.  Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to
copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

This Flagship License applies only to the part of this Software that is not
distributed as part of Sails Community Edition (CE), and that is not a file
that produces client-side JavaScript, in whole or in part. Any part of this
Software distributed as part of Sails CE or that is a file that produces
client-side JavaScript, in whole or in part, is copyrighted under the MIT
license. The full text of this EE License shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
